DUPIXENT (dupilumab) PRESCRIBING INFORMATION
Section 1, Indications and Usage

1 INDICATIONS AND USAGE DUPIXENT is an interleukin-4 receptor alpha antagonist indicated: Atopic Dermatitis for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients aged 6 months and older with moderate-to-severe AD whose disease is not adequately controlled with topical prescription therapies or when those therapies are not advisable. DUPIXENT can be used with or without topical corticosteroids. ( 1.1 ) Asthma as an add-on maintenance treatment of adult and pediatric patients aged 6 years and older with moderate-to-severe asthma characterized by an eosinophilic phenotype or with oral corticosteroid dependent asthma. ( 1.2 ) Limitations of Use: Not for the relief of acute bronchospasm or status asthmaticus. ( 1.2 ) Chronic Rhinosinusitis with Nasal Polyps as an add-on maintenance treatment in adult and pediatric patients aged 12 years and older with inadequately controlled chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps (CRSwNP). ( 1.3 ) Eosinophilic Esophagitis for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients aged 1 year and older, weighing at least 15 kg, with eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE). ( 1.4 ) Prurigo Nodularis for the treatment of adult patients with prurigo nodularis (PN). ( 1.5 ) Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease as an add-on maintenance treatment of adult patients with inadequately controlled chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and an eosinophilic phenotype. ( 1.6 ) Limitations of Use: Not for the relief of acute bronchospasm. ( 1.6 ) Chronic Spontaneous Urticaria for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients aged 2 years and older with chronic spontaneous urticaria (CSU) who remain symptomatic despite H1 antihistamine treatment. ( 1.7 ) Limitations of Use: Not indicated for other forms of urticaria. ( 1.7 ) Bullous Pemphigoid for the treatment of adult patients with bullous pemphigoid (BP). ( 1.8 ) Allergic Fungal Rhinosinusitis for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients aged 6 years and older with allergic fungal rhinosinusitis (AFRS) who have a history of sino-nasal surgery. ( 1.9 ) 1.1 Atopic Dermatitis DUPIXENT is indicated for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients aged 6 months and older with moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis (AD) whose disease is not adequately controlled with topical prescription therapies or when those therapies are not advisable. DUPIXENT can be used with or without topical corticosteroids. 1.2 Asthma DUPIXENT is indicated as an add-on maintenance treatment of adult and pediatric patients aged 6 years and older with moderate-to-severe asthma characterized by an eosinophilic phenotype or with oral corticosteroid dependent asthma. Limitations of Use DUPIXENT is not indicated for the relief of acute bronchospasm or status asthmaticus. 1.3 Chronic Rhinosinusitis with Nasal Polyps DUPIXENT is indicated as an add-on maintenance treatment in adult and pediatric patients aged 12 years and older with inadequately controlled chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps (CRSwNP). 1.4 Eosinophilic Esophagitis DUPIXENT is indicated for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients aged 1 year and older, weighing at least 15 kg, with eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE). 1.5 Prurigo Nodularis DUPIXENT is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with prurigo nodularis (PN). 1.6 Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease DUPIXENT is indicated as an add-on maintenance treatment of adult patients with inadequately controlled chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and an eosinophilic phenotype. Limitations of Use DUPIXENT is not indicated for the relief of acute bronchospasm. 1.7 Chronic Spontaneous Urticaria DUPIXENT is indicated for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients aged 2 years and older with chronic spontaneous urticaria (CSU) who remain symptomatic despite H1 antihistamine treatment. Limitations of Use: DUPIXENT is not indicated for treatment of other forms of urticaria. 1.8 Bullous Pemphigoid DUPIXENT is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with bullous pemphigoid (BP). 1.9 Allergic Fungal Rhinosinusitis DUPIXENT is indicated for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients aged 6 years and older with allergic fungal rhinosinusitis (AFRS) who have a history of sino-nasal surgery.