DUPIXENT (dupilumab) PRESCRIBING INFORMATION
Section 17, Patient Counseling Information

17 PATIENT COUNSELING INFORMATION Advise the patient to read the FDA-approved patient labeling (Patient Information and Instructions for Use). Pregnancy Registry There is a pregnancy exposure registry that monitors pregnancy outcomes in women exposed to DUPIXENT during pregnancy [see Use in Specific Populations (8.1) ] . Administration Instructions Provide proper training to patients and/or caregivers on proper subcutaneous injection technique, including aseptic technique, and the preparation and administration of DUPIXENT prior to use. Advise patients to follow sharps disposal recommendations [see Dosage and Administration (2.1) and Instructions for Use] . Hypersensitivity Advise patients to discontinue DUPIXENT and to seek immediate medical attention if they experience any symptoms of systemic hypersensitivity reactions [see Warnings and Precautions (5.1) ] . Advise patients to report signs and symptoms of AGEP to their healthcare provider [see Warnings and Precautions (5.1) ] . Conjunctivitis, Keratitis, and Blepharitis Advise patients to promptly consult their healthcare provider if new onset or worsening eye symptoms develop [see Warnings and Precautions (5.2) ] . Eosinophilic Conditions Advise patients to notify their healthcare provider if they present with clinical features of eosinophilic pneumonia or eosinophilic granulomatosis with polyangiitis [see Warnings and Precautions (5.3) ] . Not for Acute Symptoms of Asthma or Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease or Acute Deteriorating Disease Inform patients that DUPIXENT does not treat acute symptoms or acute exacerbations of asthma or COPD. Inform patients to seek medical advice if their asthma or COPD remains uncontrolled or worsens after initiation of treatment with DUPIXENT [see Warnings and Precautions (5.4) ] . Reduction in Corticosteroid Dosage Inform patients to not discontinue systemic or inhaled corticosteroids except under the direct supervision of a healthcare provider. Inform patients that reduction in corticosteroid dose may be associated with systemic withdrawal symptoms and/or unmask conditions previously suppressed by systemic corticosteroid therapy [see Warnings and Precautions (5.5) ] . Patients with Co-morbid Asthma Advise patients with co-morbid asthma not to adjust or stop their asthma treatment without talking to their healthcare providers [see Warnings and Precautions (5.6) ] . Psoriasis Advise patients that cases of new-onset psoriasis have been reported with the use of DUPIXENT. Advise patients to report new-onset psoriasis symptoms to their healthcare provider [see Warnings and Precautions (5.7) ] . Arthralgia and Psoriatic Arthritis Advise patients that cases of new-onset psoriatic arthritis have been reported with the use of DUPIXENT. Advise patients to report new onset or worsening joint symptoms to their healthcare provider [see Warnings and Precautions (5.8) ] . Parasitic (Helminth) Infections Advise patients to notify their healthcare provider if they present with clinical features consistent with helminthic infection [see Warnings and Precautions (5.9) ] . Vaccinations Advise patients that vaccination with live vaccines is not recommended immediately prior to and while they are receiving DUPIXENT. Instruct patients to inform their healthcare provider that they are taking DUPIXENT prior to a potential vaccination [see Warnings and Precautions (5.10) ] .